TITLE: Best professors in physics/math departments at SBU and worst


POST: Which proffessors at SBU physics and math dept. are really good at teaching and getting students to understand and can understand things themselves? Plus opportunities for research and whatnot. And which are on the latter end of the spectrum who don't rely care.




COMMENTS: 


Alan Tucker is one of the best professors in the entire university, and certainly among the kinder professors as well. Thomas Hemmick is an awesome professor as well. A lot of Stony Brook students still remember their very first lecture at Stony Brook with Professor Hemmick. David Green of the AMS department has sexual harassment allegations, so I’d stay away from him. I had some great MAT professors but they’ve all left the university.


Was David Green the one that would flirt with the women💀


David Khan does as well


Yea he can teach but hes weird as hell with his woman TAs 💀


Ismail Zahed is def one of the most passionate professors I've ever had tbh. He is known for working with tons of undergrads on research and being very high energy, generous, and kind in his classes. Highly recommend him!


NOOOOO NOOOOOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOO


I really liked Vlad Goldman. He was absolutely fantastic at teaching a wide range of courses, from intro physics to string theory. He is very helpful and optimistic and would love to answer all your questions. He's a young upcoming researcher who I personally think will get the noble prize one day.




Best MAT Professor: Marco Martens


Worst MAT Professor: Marco Martens


Taking MAT 324 will make you cracked at measure theory if you manage to survive.


David Khan is one of the best math professors, Thomas hemmick is one of the best physics professors






Best: Physics -> Hemmick


Math -> Lombardi, Rico, and Kahn are all good


Worst: Physics -> most professors other than Hemmick for intro physics


Math -> Holly Chen; I also personally didn’t like Andersen


Thomas weinacht for phy 300 is the goat phy 301 with navid is also honorable mention


for mat / ams


david green is terrible .


HOWEVER BBERNNNNNN


for mat 125 do not take it with drivas he sucks


Lies, he’s so goated. Gave my class a hugeee curve even though most ppl did really well


LINK:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1c8ab9h/best_professors_in_physicsmath_departments_at_sbu/