TITLE: how do you get internships? Am I cooked?


POST: Nah but fr aside from gpa (duhh) what recommendations to have a pretty resume for internships bro. (Business/Accounting/Chud studies/Finance)


COMMENTS:


No one gives a shit about your GPA outside of academia. You need to know how to network and deliver value. That’s what companies want from any hire; even an intern. Go on LinkedIn, find companies you’re interested in working for, and DM the founders, CEO, CTO, whoever. Be professional and respectful. And, I’d target startups - you’ll learn so much more than working at a big company. If you want to work at a big company, then target the recruiters for that company. Do not use any third-party recruitment agencies or headhunters; they’ll waste your time and set you up for failure. And if DMing on LinkedIn isn’t working for you, buy a subscription to RocketReach, put in the person’s LinkedIn profile in the search, and you’ll get their email address. Send them an email. And, send them an email from an email client that tracks when they open the email. For example, use something like Superhuman. Seeing when and how often they open your email will give you signal on if they’re ignoring you, so you don’t have to deal with the anxiety of if you’re being ignored or they just haven’t seen your email yet. That’s how you do it.




I have always been in science but if, for example, you wanted to find an internship for summer 2027 (next year), I would typically start searching in October because applications can be due as early as December but usually in January or February. However, that is probably not the same for business/accounting/finance. You could go into a bank like Charles Schwab or fidelity or a normal bank and see if they have anything. But yes, networking is literally more important. I am a grad student. The only reason I have a summer intership is because my advisor knows someone at a science place and they've wanted one of his students in the past few years. I'm sure I'm at least good / acceptable, my advisor thinks so at least (lol), but I wouldn't have gotten this without his help. It is probably too late for many things for this summer. But if you know any professors you can see if you can get into their network.




LINK: https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1tvblv7/bro_how_do_you_get_internships_am_i_cooked/