TITLE: small tuition life hack


POST: SBU is one of the few universities that accept credit cards for payments (including for tuition, meal plan, housing, fees) and with no penalty, so if you want to farm credit card points you should definitely pay with your credit card. it's a free 1-2% back, method not patched yet. This gets even better if your credit card has a sign up bonus where, say, you'll get 75k in points if you spend $5k 😎


COMMENTS: 


That’s what I did with my fist credit card


I made like 250k points in sign up bonuses off just 2 semesters of tuition, and definitely could’ve made more if I started earlier. If you don’t want to play the sign up bonus game, I highly recommend getting the Robinhood Gold Card for 3% flat even with the 50 dollar annual fee, since you make it back in one tuition payment. You can transfer all of the cash back into an index fund like the S&P500 and come out of Stony Brook with a nice little free stock portfolio, and have a nice all rounder card for other miscellaneous college expenses. Another neat trick is to overpay your tuition if you have any pending financial aid, since Stony Brook refunds you via direct deposit upon disbursement so you get to keep all of the extra points/cashback, though this definitely seems more risky lol


Lmaooo bro knows the game 😭


Locked in on credit card points when I should be locked in on getting points on my exams 😞


Even better if your sub is higher than ur tuition any overpayment counts towards a future semester and if it’s your last semester you can request a refund


Not only is the robinhood gold good for the credit card at 3%, you also get a 3% match on contributions for your IRA which is up to $225 if you max it out. And then if you want to go even further, you get $1000 in free margin (borrowed money with no interest). You can use that margin to purchase something extremely safe like SGOV which generates around 4.5% - 5.5% returns a year. This comes out to another free $45 - $55 a year which pays for the $50 fee!


Lmfaoooo did the same shit got almost 500k points out of it and since parents paid tuition already I took out subsidized loans and put it into an index fund


i have done it for every payment in my 3 years lol


Don't they have 3% credit card fee?


No






Should have known... on my way to open the amex plat...


i’ve been telling my parents to get on this, glad to know it’s possible


Lol, paid with an airline credit card and racked up shitloads of airline miles. So far has sponsored trips to Japan, Australia, and the UK


what's the timing on this? i plan on paying off the tuition with the Citi 2% reward card BEFORE the loans hit the school, then i'll get the loan money paid to me?


Ngl I wouldn’t count on it, bc my point balance decreases when I get a refund


I’m too broke for that rn, I need to get my money up and then do this 😭


LINK: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1rzcby8/small_tuition_life_hack/