TITLE: Parking problem on campus


POST: I commute to campus with the train for classes, but once every other week I have a club which is at night and runs til 10pm. The campus bus to the LIRR stops running at like 8pm and walking at night as a woman is a no-no for me. So if I wanted to drive to campus instead and park near the SAC (which is where my club is) I apparently can’t because it’s paid parking only around that area. The only free parking which I’m aware of is like a mile away from the main campus and you need to take the bus to get there (which stops running at night.) It’s absurd that they expect me to pay over $100 a month for a parking pass so I can park for like 3 hours a week. So basically I have this dilemma and was wondering if anyone has the same issue or has any advice. It sucks SBU doesn’t care about commuters at all and makes our lives so difficult …


COMMENTS:


Some lots are only restricted until 4pm. You’d have to check the signs on the lots


I looked into this and apparently this is also true for metered parking lots, thank u!


Careful bc some of the metered lots go until 7pm


If I park there after 7 I don’t need a permit right?


Most lots with permits (residential), you’re good after 4, and most paid lots, you’re good after 7. Like someone else said, pay really good attention to the signs. Sorry you’re dealing with the mess that is the parking situation 🙏 I really wish admin treated commuter better or came up with a different system.


Outer Loop stops at the LIRR station; takes the same route from the SAC as the railroad bus, even. Last departure on regular weekdays is 11:30 pm. Alternatively, the Residential Safety Program (RSP) has a service to escort people who feel unsafe walking around at night on campus. You can read more about it here.


submit to maurie mcinnis and purchase the premium parking pass or face eternal damnation


Honesty, how people gonna complain about pay a measly 130 dollars for a parking pass that is valid for 4 months, that’s like 30 dollars a month or one dollar a day.


im not a shill why should we have to pay for parking on top of all the other undescribed fees


just park in south p the bus runs all night to sac


you should be able to take the outer loop to the LIRR , it’s one of the first few stops that the outer loop makes!


The busses to South P run until like 11pm or midnight


Yeah this is the way.


As has been mentioned, last bus to South P departs from SAC at 11:30. You can also take your car earlier, any time after 4 pm, and move it to the parking next to the stadium, which is reasonably close to SAC.


Bruh how you afraid of walking at night. Walking on Campus at night is really safe. Try walking around at 3 AM, you will still see people around.


the issue is the walk all the way to the LIRR alone not necessarily the campus


The LIRR station is basically on Campus, it’s not that far off and many students walk there and around there at night. It’s not a deserted area. Many students get for around there.


You can park after 4 behind ESS across from the sac in the plaza. Also after this time @ the student union.


Why are so many of you telling OP to park in south P when she clearly states she takes the train to campus?




LINK: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/10dx2u6/parking_problem_on_campus/