TITLE: What are easy sbc classes to take?


POST: EMPTY


COMMENTS: 
AMS 103 TECH PHI 112 STAS SOC 393 SBS+ MUS 103 ARTS AFS 383 DIV


Which professors would you recommend for these classes?


SOC 393 I took it with Alec Cali over the summer which was great. MUS 103 I took with Gui Lee, PHI 112 I took with Peter Carravetta, AFS 383 I took with Oriana Riley, and AMS 103 I took with Matt Reuter


I already filled up my SBC (not counting EXP+ SBS+ kind of classes), the most I could recommend is ATM103: Fills for STAS. Asynchronous Class, professor is fine, one discussion board each week+10 question quiz on the lecture. One long project about extreme weather events. One midterm one final all online. PSY103: Fills for CER. It's fine, but don't be a fool like me and choose a 5-7:30pm in person class that almost made me fall asleep. No homework, one midterm one final, and like 5 studies (just questions and such you could answer according to whatever you think) or write a essay about some article, you choose. POL102: Fills USA. Also asynchronous class, if you're into us history and government, the professor's pre-recorded videos are really engaging. Con: one lecture is like 1-2hours long. 4 discussion boards, you might need to write an essay (like 400 word-ish) one midterm one final all online. ARH206: Fills for ART. Asynchronous class, discussion board each week due Friday. Kind of boring, but you do learn something (art of course, but from different perspectives). One half a semester essay where you have to go to a museum and view it firsthand write a essay about it. One final 3 padlets. BME 200: Fills TECH. Online, have to go to zoom class. One slide one different topics each week, Presents to the whole class at least 2 times. Gives out lots of extra credits, so don't worry. Whenever someone presents, we all need to take notes and hand it in as classwork. Has 2 reviews the whole semester we could do with our groupmates. No finals. Lin 200: Fills DIV. Asynchronous class, discussion boards each week, becomes leader post at least 3 times, weekly quizzes on the lecture + one final at the end that is zoom open camera. This class is also fine if you are interested in language and dialects such things. These are the classes I took in Stony, the rest of the SBC (except SBS+ HUM+, etc) I filled it up with AP's during HS, so I can't help much with that. Wish you luck tho!


PHI 108 for ESI & HUM !!




THR 101. SUS 200. EASY A's. No homework/ quizzes!!! maybe 2 group projects for (SUS 200) but super easy & fun! You get to create out of your wildest imagination a smart city! & your group presents it along with a map/blueprint of your city! No homework/ quizzes!! THR 101. It's chill & a place to relax & enjoy! No pressure!! Professor Henry McDaniel is so laid-back 👌🏼 You will have to act out an open scene with a partner. 1 monologue. & 1 scene with a partner all as class work. & you are encouraged to go see Science on stage (play on campus- you get in free as a student of his class! IF you decide to go!!) 😉 These are the only two I know right off the top of my head! Good luck.


LINK:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1gpkb64/what_are_easy_sbc_classes_to_take/