TITLE: AOI in CS


POST: Im a frehsman who is an AOI in CS.. I'm currently taking CSE 113 retaking CSE 114 and I'm thinking of double major in Psych or Finance after completing my AOI requirement, i.e to start from Spring 2027. Any thoughts?




COMMENTS: 


Focus heavily on the AOI courses for now. Although the Undergraduate Catalog says that you only need a grade of B- in the courses, it's pretty hard to get into the major from AOI. I've heard stories of basically needing A's or like a 3.8 GPA in the courses to actually get accepted into the major. Another thing, for CSE 214, the good profs class slots will all be taken up first by students in the major. Also regarding, the double major. I am also a CSE and BUS double major (different specialization in operations though) and it is completely doable. I only added BUS in junior year and I am still on track to finish in my senior year this semester. The main BUS courses aren't too difficult either in comparison to the CS courses, I can't speak for the Finance specialization courses, but I'd imagine it's also about the same. Regarding course load, if you spread everything out, it's probably going to be about 15 creds per semester, but that depends on the amount of SBC credits you came in with. If you have the max number of transferrable credits, the average leans towards 12-15 creds, but if you have few SBCs done, it'll lean closer to 15-18 creds, definitely still doable as long as you spread out the hard CS courses.


no, if youre aoi and you complete the minimum requirements then you are automatically let into the major. you only need A’s if youre not aoi. but yes this guy should still definitely focus on completing the requirements since these CSE classes can be brutal


Ah, maybe I confused the two situations then.


Wait really? Cuz wht I understood from my seniors was like I need the best of grades in my AOI requirements to get in since CS major is bit competitive


I think this is for transferring into the major from another. AOI guarantees the spot as long as you meet the requirements


LINK: https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1r1a2hj/aoi_in_cs/