TITLE: Question for International students, how many of you guys graduated with jobs ?( any major)


POST: Empty


COMMENTS: 


I have this question too. Specifically for international undergrads who are actually international on F1 visas (a lot of “internationals” have green cards or US passports) How many of you guys got jobs before graduating? Absolutely none of my international friends had full-time offers in May before graduating. Some of them are just planning on going to grad programs, and the rest are still looking and will accept whatever they can within the 30 days before being kicked out. Some people are even doing unpaid internships. SBU career outcomes are generally not very good unless you’re really, really determined. Decent pipeline into grad school though. 


All sorts of majors- I’m talking about at least 20-25 people here ranging from electrical/computer/mechanical/biomedical engineering, ams/cs/ise/tsm to biochemistry/health sciences/cls to math/physics to marine sciences and one or two business majors. None of them have actual jobs and they’re basically finding different avenues, so to speak (ranging from dropping to a part time student to finding grad school programs to utilizing the investor green card pathway to getting married to their girlfriend). Two of them have returned to their home countries


Thats actually kind of insane, I didn't think it would be this bad, as I could find plenty of jobs on our handshake( and other places) that were open to f1 students. I'm an international student too and just got an internship for the summer, the trick was to genuinely apply in all 50 states lol, not just NYC. I hope your friends end up finding something


Congratulations! I also got an internship after hundreds of applications. A lot of people are still looking and they have something or the other to tide them over. Hopefully they’re able to find something. This year was particularly brutal I think, and it’s really competitive to get a full time offer just because you’re competing with so many international grad students who also have years of work and research experience under their belt. Full time is a totally different ball game than internships. I’ve seen a couple of employers who say they’re opening to hiring on OPT full time ghost you or back out after their offer before starting paperwork as well. This happened to a friend at least.




yep, it's a global recession. there's also oversaturation in many fields and just a lot of/maybe too many college graduates in general. I know plenty of Americans who also don't have anything lined up as of yet. this is also evident at SBU, which has noticeably overenrolled recently. Through the internship hunting process, and through a hiring manager I'm acquainted with, I've also noticed that name recognition and professional reputation matter a lot more than most people think during preliminary screening, and SBU in most states is less known to employers than UConn or even Buffalo for example. Most people's job prospects are then naturally limited to New York and the tri-state area, which is very competitive, which also lines up with a lot of people here wanting to stay local. SBU's ranking has also been artificially inflated within the past few years (jumped from 90+ in 2022 to top 60 now) and its acceptance rate has dwindled, which creates disillusionment among prospective international students that it offers prospects and an undergraduate experience similar to schools like UMD, UIUC, Penn State, Purdue, UMass or even Rutgers. The reality is that SBU is a newer institution with mostly local ties, and hasn't built up its reputation in the professional world beyond New York, and that matters a lot for international students. SBU is a fantastic place to go to for pre-professional tracks or if you're wanting to do a PhD though, and it's affordable/generous with scholarships, although this is now changing with the proposed OOS tuition increases. I cannot see SBU being worth it for out of state students- not now and certainly not in the future unless you've received a significant scholarship. The outcomes of international undergraduates here speak for themselves. Of course there's exceptions and of course the school is only partially responsible for this ( for example career services, VIS and the career center here are pretty much useless and slow) and of course it's not the university's responsibility to provide you anything other than an education, and you're not entitled to a job in a foreign country. I am putting this out there for middle class prospective internationals. Don't put yourself in financial risk to go here. There are better places to go.


DISCLAIMER: this is all purely from the perspective of an international student who has come out of the internship and job hunting process successfully i.e., this isn't coming from a place of me being "salty" about not finding a job. SBU is a great school for New Yorkers- affordable with decent prospects. I respect the SUNY mission. It's just not the right place for someone not American.


me lmao. going back in a month, been looking for a job for a year with nothing to show for it. waste of time and it evaporated all my self-worth away LMFAO


LINK:https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1tz4jz0/question_for_international_students_how_many_of/