TITLE: Why do people say dining hall food is bad?


POST: I gobble this stuff down everyday. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It’s peak. (Not satire)


COMMENTS:


Dining hall food has its ups and downs. Here on the Reddit you’re going to see the worst of it. Worst of what I’ve seen with my own eyes was my roommate losing half his soul over the toilet from eating pork.


You would love prison


Ppl js want to complain. Personally if you figure out the tricks and what’s good ESD or WSD is a good experience. Unpopular opinion I fuck with chefs table + rice combo at ESD more than Roth


I graduated last year, but there were 3 times during my time there where the chicken was utterly raw. During my first year there was literal mold on the cheese in one of the burgers.


Turns out WSD really likes to uncook chicken


Oh hell no this must be dining hall director secret account or something


Yall js don’t see the vision. But lowkey it might js be bc im on a cut and all food tastes great when youre starving yourself


Honestly it’s really great compared to most other schools. I am a transfer and have eaten at plenty of other uni dining halls while visiting friends. SBU clears the field far and away


its definitely a hit or miss on some days, i do enjoy some food but can never have it too much. Its very obvious a lot of it is just frozen re heated or just slop which is why a lot of people dislike it.


Dude that looks like shit from a butt


I went to Binghamton for undergrad ~6-10 years ago. Food at East Side dining is way better even tho its all Sysco imo. Not to mention a lot of other schools charge per item instead of a swipe system. Commuting obviously so take this as you will.


Do they still have the Kelly Dining Hall late night fried chicken with mash? I used to love that back in the 2007-2012 period. Use to walk/longboard all the way from H-Quad at 1AM to eat. Oh, the memories...


Back in those day it was a meal plan with a point system and completely itemized. By late November/April we would run out of points and would have to cut back on the eating just to make it through the semester. Shop lifting was rampant. Ngl, I had to steal myself at times just to make it through the semester. The spot I would usually steal food from was the Union Deli. It was wild. (Not something I'm proud of. But even with the highest meal point plan I would run out of food and I was broke as hell). I would visit my girlfriend over the weekend at UConn and would feast on their all-you-can-eat dining halls. I returned a couple of years later after graduation to SBU for a football game and noticed the campus was converted to all-you-can-eat buffet style. Wow. You guys don't know how much better you have it today. Walking into East Side Dining and paying a guest flat fee to eat felt like being in a different world. The quality and diversity of the food options has improved a lot also.


Kelly Dining hall hot merged into current West Side Dining, if I’m not mistaken


Nah man, they stopped with the residential community dining halls 🥀


Do they still sell dollar burritos at the union? They did that in 2015


You aren't getting anything for a dollar on campus anymore, even in 2018 when I was there.


Dogshit food for what you’re paying, btw that dish you had probably costed 17$ (if dinner). Do you think that’s worth 17?


There’s a limit to what you can do when all you have is Sysco slop. The workers are nice though.


LINK:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1tchvkp/why_do_people_say_dining_hall_food_is_bad/