TITLE: Hypothetically, I failed a class


POST: Hypothetically, I really really fucked up on a final and failed a class. What the fuck do I do now. Do I now "hypothetically" wallow in my sadness? Is there anything I can do to remove this shitty grade and redo the class during the summer or winter? Asking for a friend btw


COMMENTS:


Yeah redo class over summer or winter, or retake during regular sem


If i retake the class and get an A, will the grade still report on my transcript?


they average the two grades but i think the F will still show on the transcript


Both your new grade and the F will show up on your transcript and be counted toward your GPA, but the number of credits will only count once. So, if my math is right, your GPA will report as if you'd gotten the new grade (plus a little bit extra if you got a D or something instead of an F).


You should retake classes over the summer or winter. They aren't necessarily any better during rhe regular semester


Hypothetically, let’s just say I also failed a class this semester. I’d hypothetically ask my advisor what their advice would be for my semesters going forward. Tho it sucks, you and I hypothetically have more time to complete pre and corequisites, but there’s no way to scrub it from the record. If you can, take this time to either take it over the winter break or use the winter break to go over material from that class and knock it out of the park the next time you take it. But this is all hypothetical, of course


Advising takes place in the Union, you can go into the office, or use the app (corq I think) to schedule something with an advisor. You can also email your professor to see if there’s a better option like a major advisor to get into contact with……… hypothetically


(Class of 2014 here) I failed a few classes during my undergrad years, and I now work as a clinical systems engineer for one of the top hospitals in the country. Don't panic. Just retake the class. If your GPA is borderline 3.0, you might struggle to get into a graduate program, but the majority of employers don't care about your GPA if you have internships/work experience to make up for it.


hypothetically if you failed the class and its a prereq or req in general you would need to retake since you need C or higher usually. so retake course and the grade you get is the average of the failed grade and the new grade so F (0.0) + A (4.0) = C (2.0), this is if you failed failed, D and higher averaging with A will only go up from a C average. But this is all just hypothetical. going forward i recommend GPNC anything below a C. the prereqs/reqs for majors and the undergrad like tech/usa/stem etc courses are minimum C to count. so i would ask an advisor just to be sure but this should be accurate on the undergrad bulletin


If u fail retake it. Honestly after two months this will be a joke u tell ur friends about. Don’t worry abt it too much what’s done is done. Just learn from it and retake if u could.


LINK: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/SBU/comments/1hkcg2x/hypothetically_i_failed_a_class/